# Aureycore Foundation
After making a few custom plugins by hand, we decided to create a template that provided the common boilerplate for all our plugins. Aureycore Foundation is the result of that. Originally part of the Aureycore plugin, Aureycore Foundation is now a separate library bundled with Aureycore that provides Spigot plugin developers with utilities and abstract classes that make certain tasks easier to implement. **Currently supports Minecraft 1.16.5 and above!**

## Features
- Streamlined data management with ORM support
    - set ADataManager for each data class you want to track and save
    - set ADatabaseManager to connect your data managers to a central database, and optionally add ORM support
    - currently only supports MongoDB and ORM support through Morphia
- Automatic plugin configuration handling with custom classes
    - Map custom classes to specific config sections, with support for autogenerated default valuesAd
- Commonly-used utility classes
    - Various new events
    - RandomSelector (credits to Olivier Grégoire) for weighted random selection from a list of values
    - String formatting classes
    - Various utility classes for blocks, entities, items, etc.

## Wiki
Click [here]() to view our wiki. Javadocs will be provided soon!

## Usage
Add the library as a dependency via Maven:

```xml
<dependencies>
    ...
    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.tyrengard.aureycore</groupId>
      <artifactId>aureycore-foundation</artifactId>
      <version>1.0</version>
      <scope>provided</scope>
    </dependency>
    ...
</dependencies>
```
To use SNAPSHOT versions, add the Sonatype Snapshots repository:
```xml
<repositories>
    ...
    <repository>
        <id>sonatype-snapshots</id>
        <url>https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/</url>
        <snapshots>
            <enabled>true</enabled>
        </snapshots>
    </repository>
    ...
</repositories>
```
That's it! You can now start building against the Aureycore Foundation library. Don't forget to add the Aureycore plugin as a dependency, to make sure that the library is present before loading your plugin:

```yaml
...
depend: [ Aureycore ]
...
```

## Special thanks